[FEATURE] Document how api.typo3.org can be updated (#330)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Guide-HowToDocument: Documentation/Maintainers/Tools.rst

.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt
.. highlight:: shell
.. index:: Changes; Backporting
.. _backport-changes:

=====================

> Tools of the Doc Team

Author: Documentation is similar so it should be Doc Team?

> Tools of the Doc Team

Reviewer: Hmm, I think we should write it as full "Documentation Team". We are no doctors ;-) And we have the place.

=====================

api.typo3.org
=============

Landing page
------------

The landing page of https://api.typo3.org/ is automatically updated when this
file is updated in GitHub:

https://github.com/TYPO3-Documentation/DocsTypo3Org-Homepage/blob/main/WebRootResources-api.typo3.org/index.html

> As this is a pure HTML file, we currently keep the content in this page and

Author: ```suggestion
As this is a pure HTML file, we currently keep the content in this rst file:
https://github.com/TYPO3-Documentation/DocsTypo3Org-Homepage/blob/main/Documentation/Home/ApiTypo3Org.rst
localy render it, 
```

.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt
.. highlight:: shell
.. index:: Changes; Backporting
.. _backport-changes:

> =====================
> Tools of the Doc Team
> =====================

Author: ```suggestion
===============================
Tools of the Documentation Team
===============================
```

https://github.com/TYPO3-Documentation/DocsTypo3Org-Homepage/blob/main/WebRootResources-api.typo3.org/index.html

As this is a pure HTML file, we currently keep the content in this rst file:
https://github.com/TYPO3-Documentation/DocsTypo3Org-Homepage/blob/main/Documentation/Home/ApiTypo3Org.rst

> localy render it, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
locally render it, 
```
